=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=for :stopwords Ferenc Erki CPAN

=head1 NAME

Rex::Hook::File::Diff - show diff of changes for files managed by Rex

=head1 VERSION

version v0.0.0.1

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Rex::Hook::File::Diff;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module allows L<Rex> to show a diff of changes for the files managed via its built-in L<file manipulation commands|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File> which rely on the L<file|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#file> command as a backend:

=over 4

=item L<file|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#file>

=item L<delete_lines_matching|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#delete_lines_matching>

=item L<delete_lines_according_to|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#delete_lines_according_to>

=item L<append_if_no_such_line|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#append_if_no_such_line>

=item L<append_or_amend_line|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#append_or_amend_line>

=item L<sed|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#sed>

=back

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

This module does not do any error checking (yet).

=head1 CONFIGURATION AND ENVIRONMENT

This module does not require any configuration, nor does it use any environment variables.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

See the included C<cpanfile>.

=head1 INCOMPATIBILITIES

There are no known incompatibilities with other modules.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

There are no known bugs. Make sure they are reported.

Currently the module supports local file operations only.

Upload hook support is not implemented (yet), so diff is not shown upon file uploads when using the C<source> option with the L<file|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::File#file> command (or the L<upload|https://metacpan.org/pod/Rex::Commands::Upload#upload> command directly).

=head1 AUTHOR

Ferenc Erki <erkiferenc@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2020 by Ferenc Erki.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
